Add TS documentation for `attrs` method (#775)
styled-components/styled-components-website: sections/api/typescript.md

the rest of the required properties by the **Header** through. That means when you use **Title** it will have
the combined typing of both the styled requirements and the actual component requirements.

### Using `attrs` method

> The `attrs` method accepts an Interpolation object, which can be either a string that will be merged into the rest of the component's props, or a function that receives the styled component's `props` as the first and only argument.

Reviewer: The description does not seem to be accurate to me. The `attrs` method does not interpolate (using backtick or a function). It passes set of predefined prop values down to the decorated component. So the examples seem right but not the description.

I'd suggest to describe it similarly to the website:

```suggestion
This is a chainable method that attaches some props to a styled component. It accepts an object with partial props that will be merged into the rest of the component's props. Alternatively, a function can be passed that takes interior props and returns an object to merge.
```

For the string case, make sure to type it "twice", like this:

> ```jsx

Reviewer 2: This should be tsx

import styled from 'styled-components';
import Header from './Header';

interface TitleProps {
  readonly isActive: boolean;
};

> const Title = styled(Header).attrs<TitleProps>({ isActive: true })<TitleProps>`

Reviewer: not sure if generic props need to be specified explicitly, it should have been a partial object of the wrapped component/tag. I'd suggest using examples from the website or similar https://styled-components.com/docs/api#attrs
